Oil Man is a game based on the local creepy pasta character, orang minyak.
This game takes inspiration from various game like Dnd, Balatro, Slay the spire.

The background story is:
One day, while you and your friend are studying alone at your campus, suddenly a 
big, bulky, black figure that's covered in diesel appeared from no where. 
He started attack you guy by throwing oil at you, then he suddenly dash
and hit one of your friend. You feel furious and wants to protect your friend,
so you and your friend decided to use the power of friendship, and by doing random action 
like calling the ambulance or throwing cloth hanger at the monster, in order to defeat the black
oily figure that you guy decided to call as, "Orang Minyak".


The rules:
1. The Core Engine

The deck consists of exactly 9 cards numbered 1 through 9.
The game is played in strict 3-Turn cycles. The deck and discard pile are reshuffled into a fresh 9-card deck at the end of Turn 3.

2. Action Cards

Action Cards have thresholds, damage values, miss penalties, and specific effects (Attack, Shield, Heal, or Hybrid).
An Action Card must be selected at the start of the turn before drawing cards.
Once an Action Card is used, it cannot be used again until the start of a new 3-Turn cycle.

3. The Switch Slot

The Switch Slot can hold exactly one card and persists between turns during a cycle.
During Turns 1 and 2, a player can place a card from their hand into an empty Switch Slot (drawing a replacement from the deck) or swap a card from their hand with the currently occupied Switch Slot.
At the end of every turn, any card in the Switch Slot permanently loses 2 points of value.
On Turn 3, the player is forced to pull the card from the Switch Slot into their hand.

4. Combat Resolution

An action is resolved by summing exactly 3 Number Cards in the player's hand against the chosen Action Card's threshold.
Sum >= Action Threshold: 100% Hit Chance. Every 1 point over the threshold adds a 10% Critical Hit chance. A critical hit deals double damage.
Sum is 1, 2, or 3 points below Action Threshold: Hit chance is reduced by 25% for each point below the threshold (75%, 50%, or 25% respectively).
Sum < Action Threshold - 3: 0% Hit Chance. The attack misses and the player suffers any associated miss penalties.

